gcc/config/k1/constraints.md, before:

(define_register_constraint "RXX" "(SFR_REGS)"
     "A system register constraint.")

(define_constraint "S"
  "An immediate or symbol operand"
  (ior (match_code "const_double,const_int")
       (match_test "k1_symbol_operand(op,mode)")))

(define_constraint "T"
  "A label reference"
  (match_code "label_ref"))

(define_constraint "U02"
  "An unsigned 2-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 2)")))

(define_constraint "U05"
  "An unsigned 5-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 5)")))

(define_constraint "U06"
  "An unsigned 6-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 6)")))

(define_constraint "U10"
  "An unsigned 10-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 10)")))

(define_constraint "U32"
  "An unsigned 32-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 32)")))

(define_constraint "U37"
  "An unsigned 37-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 37)")))

;; Not used yet, and does not work as-is. Macro expands
;; to shift with shift amount > size of internal repr.
;; Leaving this comment to avoid doing in the same error.
;; (define_constraint "U64"
;;   "An unsigned 64-bit constant."
;;   (and (match_code "const_int")
;;        (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 64)")))

(define_constraint "I10"
  "A signed 10-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "ival >= -512 && ival <= 511")))

(define_constraint "J10"
  "An unsigned 32-bit constant expressible as a signed 10."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "(ival >= 0 && ival <= 511) || (__builtin_clz (~ival) >= 23)")))

(define_constraint "H16"
  "A real value that fits on 16bits"
  (and (match_code "const_double")
       (match_test "k1_float_fits_bits(rval,16,mode)")))

(define_constraint "H43"
  "A real value that fits on 43bits"
  (and (match_code "const_double")
       (match_test "k1_float_fits_bits(rval,43,mode)")))

(define_constraint "I08"
  "A signed 8-bit non symbolic constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 8)")))

(define_constraint "I16"  
  "A signed 16-bit non symbolic constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 16)")))

(define_constraint "I32"  
  "A signed 32-bit non symbolic constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 32)")))

(define_constraint "I37"
  "A signed 37-bit non symbolic constant."
   (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 37)")))

(define_constraint "B32"
  "A signed 32-bit constant (possibly symbolic if targeting 32bits addressing))."
   (ior (and (match_test "k1_symbol_operand(op,mode)")
             (match_test "TARGET_32"))
        (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I32(op)")))

(define_constraint "B37"
  "A signed 37-bit constant (possibly symbolic if targeting 32bits addressing))."
   (ior (and (match_test "k1_symbol_operand(op,mode)")
             (match_test "TARGET_32"))
        (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I37(op)")))

(define_constraint "I43"
  "A signed 43-bit non symbolic constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 43)")))

(define_constraint "v10"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 10 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "v16"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 16 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_16bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "v32"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 32 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_32bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "v37"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 37 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "v43"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 43 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_43bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "vx2"
  "A 64-bit vector constant made of two identical 32-bit manifest values"
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_32x2bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "a"
  "Memory operands with 10-bit immediates or register"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_imm_or_register_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "b"
  "Memory operands with 37-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_immediate_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "u"
  "Uncached memory operands"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

;; (define_memory_constraint "Q"
;;   "Packed memory operand, need not be correct."
;;   (match_code "mem"))


(define_memory_constraint "Cm"
  "Cached memory operands with 64-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_64bit_immediate_p (op)")
       (match_test "!k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Cb"
  "Cached memory operands with 37-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_immediate_p (op)")
       (match_test "!k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Ca"
  "Cached memory operands with 10-bit immediates or register"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_imm_or_register_p (op)")
       (match_test "!k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Zm"
  "Uncached memory operands with 64-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_64bit_immediate_p (op)")
       (match_test "k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Zb"
  "Uncached memory operands with 37-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_immediate_p (op)")
       (match_test "k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Za"
  "Uncached memory operands with 10-bit immediates or register"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_imm_or_register_p (op)")
       (match_test "k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_address_constraint "Aa"
  "Memory address with 10-bit immediates or register"
  (and (match_test "address_operand (op, mode)")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_imm_or_register_p (op)")))

(define_address_constraint "Ab"
  "Memory address with 37-bit immediates"
  (and (match_test "address_operand (op, mode)")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_immediate_p (op)")))

Commit message:

Refine bundling class of SET, WFXL and WFXM instructions.
Instructions SET, WFXL and WFXM should be alone in bundle when
operarting on PS, SPS, its aliases, MMC, and the ownership registers.
Else these instructions should be of bundling class BCU. This patch
does this when the instruction is invoked from a builtin.
Also fix the signature of builtins k1_acswapw and k1_acswapd.

ref T7808

gcc/config/k1/
  * k1.c: remove commented GET_R builtin; remove SET_PS builtin;
  (k1_expand_builtin_get), cleanup code; (k1_expand_builtin_set),
  call gen_k1_set() with =RYY,RXX constraints for selecting type;
  (k1_expand_builtin_wfxl), similar to (k1_expand_builtin_set);
  (k1_expand_builtin_wfxm), similar to (k1_expand_builtin_set).
  k1.h: (IS_GENERAL_REGNO), use K1C_FRAME_POINTER_VIRT_REGNO;
  (FIRST_PSEUDO_REGISTER), move definition to k1c-registers.h;
  * k1.md: rename set_volatile to k1_set and add constraint =RYY;
  rename get_volatile to k1_get; rename wfxl to k1_wfxl and add
  constraint =RYY; rename wfxm to k1_wfxm and add constraint =RYY.
  * k1c-registers.h: there is an improved MDS generator for this file,
  that add REG_CLASS AIB_REGS but omits it from REGNO_REG_CLASS;
  useless K1C_GPR_REGISTER_NAMES and K1C_SFR_REGISTER_NAMES are no
  longer generated; generate definitions for K1C_SYNC_REG_REGNO,
  K1C_FRAME_POINTER_VIRT_REGNO and FIRST_PSEUDO_REGISTER; also fix
  the signature of builtins k1_acswapw and k1_acswapd.
  * constraints.md: add (define_register_constraint "RYY" ...) as
  membership to AIB_REGS REG_CLASS.
gcc/testsuite/gcc.target/k1/
  * alone_set_wfx.c: invoke __builtin_k1_set(), __builtin_k1_wfxl() and
  __builtin_k1_wfxm() with values that force the generated instruction
  to be alone in bundle or not.

Test Plan: gcc long_valid

Reviewers: mpoulhies, O11 gcc!

Maniphest Tasks: T7808

Differential Revision: https://phab.kalray.eu/D3024

gcc/config/k1/constraints.md, after:

(define_register_constraint "RXX" "(SFR_REGS)"
     "A system register constraint.")

(define_register_constraint "RYY" "(AIB_REGS)"
     "A system register forcing SET and WFX* alone in bundle.")

(define_constraint "S"
  "An immediate or symbol operand"
  (ior (match_code "const_double,const_int")
       (match_test "k1_symbol_operand(op,mode)")))

(define_constraint "T"
  "A label reference"
  (match_code "label_ref"))

(define_constraint "U02"
  "An unsigned 2-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 2)")))

(define_constraint "U05"
  "An unsigned 5-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 5)")))

(define_constraint "U06"
  "An unsigned 6-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 6)")))

(define_constraint "U10"
  "An unsigned 10-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 10)")))

(define_constraint "U32"
  "An unsigned 32-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 32)")))

(define_constraint "U37"
  "An unsigned 37-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 37)")))

;; Not used yet, and does not work as-is. Macro expands
;; to shift with shift amount > size of internal repr.
;; Leaving this comment to avoid doing in the same error.
;; (define_constraint "U64"
;;   "An unsigned 64-bit constant."
;;   (and (match_code "const_int")
;;        (match_test "UNSIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 64)")))

(define_constraint "I10"
  "A signed 10-bit constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "ival >= -512 && ival <= 511")))

(define_constraint "J10"
  "An unsigned 32-bit constant expressible as a signed 10."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "(ival >= 0 && ival <= 511) || (__builtin_clz (~ival) >= 23)")))

(define_constraint "H16"
  "A real value that fits on 16bits"
  (and (match_code "const_double")
       (match_test "k1_float_fits_bits(rval,16,mode)")))

(define_constraint "H43"
  "A real value that fits on 43bits"
  (and (match_code "const_double")
       (match_test "k1_float_fits_bits(rval,43,mode)")))

(define_constraint "I08"
  "A signed 8-bit non symbolic constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 8)")))

(define_constraint "I16"  
  "A signed 16-bit non symbolic constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 16)")))

(define_constraint "I32"  
  "A signed 32-bit non symbolic constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 32)")))

(define_constraint "I37"
  "A signed 37-bit non symbolic constant."
   (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 37)")))

(define_constraint "B32"
  "A signed 32-bit constant (possibly symbolic if targeting 32bits addressing))."
   (ior (and (match_test "k1_symbol_operand(op,mode)")
             (match_test "TARGET_32"))
        (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I32(op)")))

(define_constraint "B37"
  "A signed 37-bit constant (possibly symbolic if targeting 32bits addressing))."
   (ior (and (match_test "k1_symbol_operand(op,mode)")
             (match_test "TARGET_32"))
        (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I37(op)")))

(define_constraint "I43"
  "A signed 43-bit non symbolic constant."
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "SIGNED_INT_FITS_N_BITS (ival, 43)")))

(define_constraint "v10"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 10 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "v16"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 16 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_16bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "v32"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 32 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_32bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "v37"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 37 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "v43"
  "A manifest vector constant whose value fits in signed 43 bits."
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_43bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_constraint "vx2"
  "A 64-bit vector constant made of two identical 32-bit manifest values"
  (and (match_code "const_vector")
       (match_test "k1_has_32x2bit_vector_const_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "a"
  "Memory operands with 10-bit immediates or register"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_imm_or_register_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "b"
  "Memory operands with 37-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_immediate_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "u"
  "Uncached memory operands"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

;; (define_memory_constraint "Q"
;;   "Packed memory operand, need not be correct."
;;   (match_code "mem"))


(define_memory_constraint "Cm"
  "Cached memory operands with 64-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_64bit_immediate_p (op)")
       (match_test "!k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Cb"
  "Cached memory operands with 37-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_immediate_p (op)")
       (match_test "!k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Ca"
  "Cached memory operands with 10-bit immediates or register"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_imm_or_register_p (op)")
       (match_test "!k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Zm"
  "Uncached memory operands with 64-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_64bit_immediate_p (op)")
       (match_test "k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Zb"
  "Uncached memory operands with 37-bit immediates"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_immediate_p (op)")
       (match_test "k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_memory_constraint "Za"
  "Uncached memory operands with 10-bit immediates or register"
  (and (match_code "mem")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_imm_or_register_p (op)")
       (match_test "k1_is_uncached_mem_op_p (op)")))

(define_address_constraint "Aa"
  "Memory address with 10-bit immediates or register"
  (and (match_test "address_operand (op, mode)")
       (match_test "k1_has_10bit_imm_or_register_p (op)")))

(define_address_constraint "Ab"
  "Memory address with 37-bit immediates"
  (and (match_test "address_operand (op, mode)")
       (match_test "k1_has_37bit_immediate_p (op)")))
