gcc/config/k1/predicates.md, before:

(define_predicate "nonmemory64_register32_d_operand"
   (match_code "const,const_int,reg,subreg,mem,symbol_ref,label_ref")
{
	return nonmemory_operand (op,mode);
})

(define_predicate "k1_zero"
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "op == const0_rtx")))

(define_predicate "const_float_1_operand"
  (match_code "const_double")
{
  if (GET_CODE (op) != CONST_DOUBLE
      || mode != GET_MODE (op)
      || (mode != DFmode && mode != SFmode))
    return 0;
  return op == CONST1_RTX(mode);
})

;; Allow for LABELs to be used in the mov expander
;; It will split it using add_pcrel insn.
;; This predicates should only be used in the expander as LABELs
;; are not to be accepted during insn matching.
(define_predicate "k1_mov_operand"
 (ior (match_operand 0 "general_operand")
      (and (match_test "flag_pic")
           (match_code "label_ref"))))

;; used for some 32bits ALU
;; register or immediate up to signed 32
(define_predicate "register_s32_operand"
 (ior (match_code "reg")
      (and (match_code "const,const_int")
           (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I32(op)"))))

;; immediate up to signed 32
(define_predicate "s32_operand"
  (and (match_code "const,const_int")
       (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I32(op)")))


;; immediate up to signed 37
(define_predicate "s37_operand"
  (and (match_code "const,const_int")
       (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I37(op)")))

;; register or immediate up to signed 37
(define_predicate "register_s37_operand"
 (ior (match_code "reg")
      (match_operand 0 "s37_operand")))

;; register or immediate up to signed 64
;; Does not really check value fits on 64bits as HOST_WIDE_INT
;; is at most 64bits.
(define_predicate "register_s64_operand"
 (ior (match_code "reg")
      (match_code "const,const_int")))

(define_predicate "nonmemory64_register32_w_operand"
   (match_code "const,const_int,reg,subreg,mem,symbol_ref,label_ref")
{
	return register_operand (op,mode);
})

(define_predicate "jump_operand"
  (match_code "mem")
{
  /* Weak symbols can be resolved to 0 and thus generate long branches that
     don't fit in our 27 bits offsets. Calls to a function which declaration
     has the 'farcall' attribute must also use indirect calls.
     Reject weak symbols and 'farcall's here and handle that case
     in the call expanders to generate indirect calls for weak references. */

  bool farcall = k1_is_farcall_p (op);

  return  !farcall && (GET_CODE (XEXP (op, 0)) == LABEL_REF
		       || (GET_CODE (XEXP (op, 0)) == SYMBOL_REF
			   && !SYMBOL_REF_WEAK (XEXP (op, 0))));
})

(define_special_predicate "k1_branch_comparison_operator"
  (match_code "eq,ne,le,lt,ge,gt"))


(define_predicate "float_comparison_operator"
  (match_code "ne,eq,ge,lt,uneq,unge,unlt,ltgt"))

(define_predicate "bitwise_operator"
  (match_code "ior,and,xor"))

(define_predicate "packed_memory_operand"
  (match_code "mem")
{
        (void)op; /* Avoid warnings */
	/* The code that generates packed accesses ensures the corrrectness. */
	return true;
})

;; Immediate suitable for PIC code (insn must have corresponding
;; relocation)
;; These predicates are used with some widening 32->64 MAU insn.
;; Symbols are rejected here as they would only fit in 32bits mode.
(define_predicate "k1_imm_z32_pic_operand"
  (ior (and (match_code "const_int")
            (match_test "IN_RANGE (INTVAL (op), 0, (1LL << 32)-1)"))
       (match_test "k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p(op)")))

(define_predicate "k1_imm_s32_pic_operand"
  (ior (and (match_code "const_int")
            (match_test "IN_RANGE (INTVAL (op),  -(1LL<<31), (1LL<<31)-1)"))
       (match_test "k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p(op)")))

;; Operand valid as the 2nd/2 op of an ALU insn (make, …)
(define_predicate "k1_make_int_operand"
 (ior (and (match_test "!flag_pic")
           (match_operand 0 "immediate_operand"))
      (match_code "const_int")
      (match_test "k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p(op)"))
)

;; Operand valid as the 3rd/3 op of an ALU insn (add*, sbf*, …)
(define_predicate "k1_alu_op3_operand"
 (ior (and (match_test "!flag_pic")
           (match_operand 0 "nonmemory_operand"))
      (match_code "const_int")
      (match_operand 0 "register_operand")
      (match_test "k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p(op)"))
)

;; Operand valid as the 3rd op of an MAU insn (mul*, …)
(define_predicate "k1_mau_op3_operand"
 (ior (and (match_test "!flag_pic")
           (match_operand 0 "nonmemory_operand"))
      (match_code "const_int")
      (match_operand 0 "register_operand")
      (match_test "k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p(op)")))

(define_predicate "symbolic_operand"
  (match_code "const,symbol_ref,label_ref"))

(define_predicate "k1_symbol_operand"
  (match_code "symbol_ref,label_ref,const,unspec")
{
  rtx base, offset;
  split_const (op, &base, &offset);

  /* Allow for (const (plus (sym) (const_int offset)) */
  switch (GET_CODE (base))
    {
    case SYMBOL_REF:
      /* TLS symbols are not constant.  */
      // if (SYMBOL_REF_TLS_MODEL (op))
      // 	return false;
      return true;

    case LABEL_REF:
      /* For certain code models, the code is near as well.  */
      return true;

    case UNSPEC:
      if (XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_GOTOFF
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_GOT
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_DTPOFF
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_GD
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_LD
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_IE
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_LE
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_PCREL)
	  return true;
      break;

    default:
	gcc_unreachable ();
    }

  return false;
})

(define_predicate "sat_shift_operand"
  (match_code "const_int,reg,subreg")
{
	return	nonmemory_operand(op, mode)
	   && (!CONST_INT_P (op)
                || (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<6)));
})

(define_predicate "shiftd_operand"
  (match_code "const_int,reg,subreg")
{
	return	nonmemory_operand(op, mode) 
	   && (!CONST_INT_P (op) 
                || (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<7)));
})

;; (define_predicate "non_modulo_memory_operand"
;;   (match_code "mem")
;; {
;; 	return memory_operand(op, mode) 
;; 	   && !k1_legitimate_modulo_addressing_p(XEXP (op, 0), reload_completed);
;; })

;; (define_predicate "non_modulo_address_operand"
;;   (match_code "subreg,reg,plus")
;; {
;; 	return address_operand(op, mode) 
;; 	   && !k1_legitimate_modulo_addressing_p(op, reload_completed);
;; })

(define_predicate "small_operand"
  (match_code "const_int,reg,subreg")
{
	return	register_operand(op, mode) 
	   || (CONST_INT_P (op) 
                && (INTVAL (op) >= -(1<<9) && INTVAL (op) < (1<<9)));
})

(define_predicate "twobits_unsigned_operand"
  (match_code "const_int")
{
	return	CONST_INT_P (op) 
                && (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<2));
})

(define_predicate "sixbits_unsigned_operand"
  (match_code "const_int")
{
	return	CONST_INT_P (op) 
                && (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<6));
})

(define_predicate "reg_or_s32_operand"
 ( ior (match_operand 0 "register_operand")
       (and (match_code "const_int")
            (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I32(op)"))))

(define_predicate "immediate_unsigned_32bits_operand"
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1LL << 32)")))

(define_predicate "immediate_unsigned_37bits_operand"
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1LL << 37)")))

(define_predicate "poweroftwo_6bits_immediate_operand"
  (match_code "const_int")
{
        return (__builtin_popcount (INTVAL (op)) == 1) &&
	       (INTVAL(op) <= 64);
})

(define_predicate "rotate_operand"
  (match_code "const_int,reg,subreg")
{
	return	register_operand (op, mode)
		|| (CONST_INT_P (op) 
                    && (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<5)));
})

(define_predicate "unsigned_mul_immediate_37"
 (ior (match_test "satisfies_constraint_J10(op)")
      (match_test "satisfies_constraint_U37(op)")))

;; Used for hw loop pattern where we have an output reload in a jump insn.
;; This is not supported by reload so the insn must handle them.
;; This hack comes from the arc backend.
(define_predicate "shouldbe_register_operand"
  (match_code "reg,subreg,mem")
{
  return ((reload_in_progress || reload_completed)
	  ? general_operand : register_operand) (op, mode);
})

(define_predicate "register_or_u32immediate"
  (ior (match_operand 0 "register_operand")
       (match_test "satisfies_constraint_U32(op)")))

(define_predicate "system_register_operand"
  (match_code "reg")
{
  return (REGNO_REG_CLASS (REGNO (op)) == SFR_REGS);
})

(define_predicate "store_multiple_operation"
  (and (match_code "parallel")
       (match_test "k1_store_multiple_operation_p (op)")))

;; Return 1 if OP is a load multiple operation, known to be a PARALLEL.
(define_predicate "load_multiple_operation"
  (and (match_code "parallel")
       (match_test "k1_load_multiple_operation_p (op, false)")))

(define_predicate "load_multiple_operation_uncached"
  (and (match_code "parallel")
       (match_test "k1_load_multiple_operation_p (op, true)")))

Commit message:

Rename predicates, change some constraints, one fix
This is mostly part of a cleaning effort and more changes will follow.

	gcc/
	* config/k1/predicates.md
	(k1_imm_s32_pic_operand,k1_make_int_operand): Remove.
	(k1_alu_op3_operand): Renamed.
	(k1_r_s10_s37_s64_operand): New from k1_alu_op3_operand.
	* config/k1/k1.md (addsi3): Change predicate name.
	(*addsi3_zext): Likewise.
	(adddi3): Likewise.
	(subsi3): Likewise.
	(*subsi3_zext): Likewise.
	(subdi3): Likewise.
	(<spfx>min<mode>3): Likewise.
	(<spfx>max<mode>3): Likewise.
	(andsi3): Likewise.
	(*nandw): Likewise.
	(*andnw): Likewise.
	(anddi3): Likewise.
	(*nandd): Likewise.
	(*andnd): Likewise.
	(iorsi3): Likewise.
	(*norw): Likewise.
	(*orn): Likewise.
	(iordi3): Likewise.
	(*nord): Likewise.
	(*ornd): Likewise.
	(xorsi3): Likewise.
	(*nxorw): Likewise.
	(xordi3): Likewise.
	(*nxord): Likewise.
	(bswapdi2): Likewise.
	(sbmm8): Likewise.
	(sbmmt8): Likewise.
	(ssadddi3): Likewise.
	(sssubdi3): Likewise.

Differential Revision: D2733

gcc/config/k1/predicates.md, after:

(define_predicate "nonmemory64_register32_d_operand"
   (match_code "const,const_int,reg,subreg,mem,symbol_ref,label_ref")
{
	return nonmemory_operand (op,mode);
})

(define_predicate "k1_zero"
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "op == const0_rtx")))

(define_predicate "const_float_1_operand"
  (match_code "const_double")
{
  if (GET_CODE (op) != CONST_DOUBLE
      || mode != GET_MODE (op)
      || (mode != DFmode && mode != SFmode))
    return 0;
  return op == CONST1_RTX(mode);
})

;; Allow for LABELs to be used in the mov expander
;; It will split it using add_pcrel insn.
;; This predicates should only be used in the expander as LABELs
;; are not to be accepted during insn matching.
(define_predicate "k1_mov_operand"
 (ior (match_operand 0 "general_operand")
      (and (match_test "flag_pic")
           (match_code "label_ref"))))

;; used for some 32bits ALU
;; register or immediate up to signed 32
(define_predicate "register_s32_operand"
 (ior (match_code "reg")
      (and (match_code "const,const_int")
           (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I32(op)"))))

;; immediate up to signed 32
(define_predicate "s32_operand"
  (and (match_code "const,const_int")
       (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I32(op)")))


;; immediate up to signed 37
(define_predicate "s37_operand"
  (and (match_code "const,const_int")
       (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I37(op)")))

;; register or immediate up to signed 37
(define_predicate "register_s37_operand"
 (ior (match_code "reg")
      (match_operand 0 "s37_operand")))

;; register or immediate up to signed 64
;; Does not really check value fits on 64bits as HOST_WIDE_INT
;; is at most 64bits.
(define_predicate "register_s64_operand"
 (ior (match_code "reg")
      (match_code "const,const_int")))

(define_predicate "nonmemory64_register32_w_operand"
   (match_code "const,const_int,reg,subreg,mem,symbol_ref,label_ref")
{
	return register_operand (op,mode);
})

(define_predicate "jump_operand"
  (match_code "mem")
{
  /* Weak symbols can be resolved to 0 and thus generate long branches that
     don't fit in our 27 bits offsets. Calls to a function which declaration
     has the 'farcall' attribute must also use indirect calls.
     Reject weak symbols and 'farcall's here and handle that case
     in the call expanders to generate indirect calls for weak references. */

  bool farcall = k1_is_farcall_p (op);

  return  !farcall && (GET_CODE (XEXP (op, 0)) == LABEL_REF
		       || (GET_CODE (XEXP (op, 0)) == SYMBOL_REF
			   && !SYMBOL_REF_WEAK (XEXP (op, 0))));
})

(define_special_predicate "k1_branch_comparison_operator"
  (match_code "eq,ne,le,lt,ge,gt"))


(define_predicate "float_comparison_operator"
  (match_code "ne,eq,ge,lt,uneq,unge,unlt,ltgt"))

(define_predicate "bitwise_operator"
  (match_code "ior,and,xor"))

(define_predicate "packed_memory_operand"
  (match_code "mem")
{
        (void)op; /* Avoid warnings */
	/* The code that generates packed accesses ensures the corrrectness. */
	return true;
})

;; Immediate suitable for PIC code (insn must have corresponding
;; relocation)
;; These predicates are used with some widening 32->64 MAU insn.
;; Symbols are rejected here as they would only fit in 32bits mode.
(define_predicate "k1_imm_z32_pic_operand"
  (ior (and (match_code "const_int")
            (match_test "IN_RANGE (INTVAL (op), 0, (1LL << 32)-1)"))
       (match_test "k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p(op)")))

;; Returns TRUE if op is a register or an immediate suitable for sign
;; extension from the format signed10, upper27_lower10 or
;; extend27_upper27_lower10
(define_predicate "k1_r_s10_s37_s64_operand"
 (ior (and (match_test "!flag_pic")
           (match_operand 0 "nonmemory_operand"))
      (match_code "const_int")
      (match_operand 0 "register_operand")
      (match_test "k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p(op)"))
)

;; Operand valid as the 3rd op of an MAU insn (mul*, …)
(define_predicate "k1_mau_op3_operand"
 (ior (and (match_test "!flag_pic")
           (match_operand 0 "nonmemory_operand"))
      (match_code "const_int")
      (match_operand 0 "register_operand")
      (match_test "k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p(op)")))

(define_predicate "symbolic_operand"
  (match_code "const,symbol_ref,label_ref"))

(define_predicate "k1_symbol_operand"
  (match_code "symbol_ref,label_ref,const,unspec")
{
  rtx base, offset;
  split_const (op, &base, &offset);

  /* Allow for (const (plus (sym) (const_int offset)) */
  switch (GET_CODE (base))
    {
    case SYMBOL_REF:
      /* TLS symbols are not constant.  */
      // if (SYMBOL_REF_TLS_MODEL (op))
      // 	return false;
      return true;

    case LABEL_REF:
      /* For certain code models, the code is near as well.  */
      return true;

    case UNSPEC:
      if (XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_GOTOFF
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_GOT
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_DTPOFF
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_GD
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_LD
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_IE
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_TLS_LE
          || XINT (base, 1) == UNSPEC_PCREL)
	  return true;
      break;

    default:
	gcc_unreachable ();
    }

  return false;
})

(define_predicate "sat_shift_operand"
  (match_code "const_int,reg,subreg")
{
	return	nonmemory_operand(op, mode)
	   && (!CONST_INT_P (op)
                || (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<6)));
})

(define_predicate "shiftd_operand"
  (match_code "const_int,reg,subreg")
{
	return	nonmemory_operand(op, mode) 
	   && (!CONST_INT_P (op) 
                || (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<7)));
})

;; (define_predicate "non_modulo_memory_operand"
;;   (match_code "mem")
;; {
;; 	return memory_operand(op, mode) 
;; 	   && !k1_legitimate_modulo_addressing_p(XEXP (op, 0), reload_completed);
;; })

;; (define_predicate "non_modulo_address_operand"
;;   (match_code "subreg,reg,plus")
;; {
;; 	return address_operand(op, mode) 
;; 	   && !k1_legitimate_modulo_addressing_p(op, reload_completed);
;; })

(define_predicate "small_operand"
  (match_code "const_int,reg,subreg")
{
	return	register_operand(op, mode) 
	   || (CONST_INT_P (op) 
                && (INTVAL (op) >= -(1<<9) && INTVAL (op) < (1<<9)));
})

(define_predicate "twobits_unsigned_operand"
  (match_code "const_int")
{
	return	CONST_INT_P (op) 
                && (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<2));
})

(define_predicate "sixbits_unsigned_operand"
  (match_code "const_int")
{
	return	CONST_INT_P (op) 
                && (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<6));
})

(define_predicate "reg_or_s32_operand"
 ( ior (match_operand 0 "register_operand")
       (and (match_code "const_int")
            (match_test "satisfies_constraint_I32(op)"))))

(define_predicate "immediate_unsigned_32bits_operand"
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1LL << 32)")))

(define_predicate "immediate_unsigned_37bits_operand"
  (and (match_code "const_int")
       (match_test "INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1LL << 37)")))

(define_predicate "poweroftwo_6bits_immediate_operand"
  (match_code "const_int")
{
        return (__builtin_popcount (INTVAL (op)) == 1) &&
	       (INTVAL(op) <= 64);
})

(define_predicate "rotate_operand"
  (match_code "const_int,reg,subreg")
{
	return	register_operand (op, mode)
		|| (CONST_INT_P (op) 
                    && (INTVAL (op) >= 0 && INTVAL (op) < (1<<5)));
})

(define_predicate "unsigned_mul_immediate_37"
 (ior (match_test "satisfies_constraint_J10(op)")
      (match_test "satisfies_constraint_U37(op)")))

;; Used for hw loop pattern where we have an output reload in a jump insn.
;; This is not supported by reload so the insn must handle them.
;; This hack comes from the arc backend.
(define_predicate "shouldbe_register_operand"
  (match_code "reg,subreg,mem")
{
  return ((reload_in_progress || reload_completed)
	  ? general_operand : register_operand) (op, mode);
})

(define_predicate "register_or_u32immediate"
  (ior (match_operand 0 "register_operand")
       (match_test "satisfies_constraint_U32(op)")))

(define_predicate "system_register_operand"
  (match_code "reg")
{
  return (REGNO_REG_CLASS (REGNO (op)) == SFR_REGS);
})

(define_predicate "store_multiple_operation"
  (and (match_code "parallel")
       (match_test "k1_store_multiple_operation_p (op)")))

;; Return 1 if OP is a load multiple operation, known to be a PARALLEL.
(define_predicate "load_multiple_operation"
  (and (match_code "parallel")
       (match_test "k1_load_multiple_operation_p (op, false)")))

(define_predicate "load_multiple_operation_uncached"
  (and (match_code "parallel")
       (match_test "k1_load_multiple_operation_p (op, true)")))
