gcc/config/k1/unspec.md, before:


(define_c_enum "unspec"
  [     
        UNSPEC_ATOMIC_OP
        UNSPEC_AWAIT
        UNSPEC_BARRIER
        UNSPEC_DOZE
        UNSPEC_SLEEP
        UNSPEC_STOP
        UNSPEC_SCALL
        UNSPEC_DPURGE
        UNSPEC_DPURGEL
        UNSPEC_DINVALL
        UNSPEC_ALCLR
        UNSPEC_GET
        UNSPEC_SET
        UNSPEC_SET_PS
        UNSPEC_SETCARRY
        UNSPEC_STSUW
        UNSPEC_STSUD
        UNSPEC_IINVALS
        UNSPEC_DFLUSH
        UNSPEC_SBMM8
        UNSPEC_SBMMT8
        UNSPEC_TLS
        UNSPEC_DINVAL
        UNSPEC_IINVAL
        UNSPEC_DFLUSHL
        UNSPEC_DTOUCHL
        UNSPEC_DZEROL
        UNSPEC_LQU
        UNSPEC_LDU
        UNSPEC_FSDIVW
        UNSPEC_FSDIVD
        UNSPEC_FSISRW
        UNSPEC_FSISRD
        UNSPEC_FSDIVWP
        UNSPEC_FSISRWP
        UNSPEC_LBSU
        UNSPEC_LBZU
        UNSPEC_LHSU
        UNSPEC_LHZU
        UNSPEC_ADDHP
        UNSPEC_ABDHP
        UNSPEC_SBFHP
        UNSPEC_SLLHPS
        UNSPEC_SRAHPS
        UNSPEC_LANDHP
        UNSPEC_SYNC
        UNSPEC_WAITIT
        UNSPEC_WFXL
        UNSPEC_WFXL_PS
        UNSPEC_WFXM
        UNSPEC_WFXM_PS
        UNSPEC_LWZU
        UNSPEC_SYNCGROUP
        UNSPEC_LOOPDO
        UNSPEC_LOOPDO_END
        UNSPEC_ACSWAP
        UNSPEC_AFADD
        UNSPEC_ABDW
        UNSPEC_ABDD
        UNSPEC_AVGW
        UNSPEC_AVGRW
        UNSPEC_AVGUW
        UNSPEC_AVGRUW
        UNSPEC_LOAD
        UNSPEC_FPRN
        UNSPEC_FINVW
        UNSPEC_FINVW_
        UNSPEC_FISRW
        UNSPEC_FISRW_
        UNSPEC_FADDW
        UNSPEC_FADDD
        UNSPEC_FADDWP
        UNSPEC_FADDCWC
        UNSPEC_FADDWQ
        UNSPEC_FADDCWCP
        UNSPEC_FADDDP
        UNSPEC_FADDCDC
        UNSPEC_FSBFW
        UNSPEC_FSBFD
        UNSPEC_FSBFWP
        UNSPEC_FSBFCWC
        UNSPEC_FSBFWQ
        UNSPEC_FSBFCWCP
        UNSPEC_FSBFDP
        UNSPEC_FSBFCDC
        UNSPEC_FMULW
        UNSPEC_FMULD
        UNSPEC_FMULWD
        UNSPEC_FMULWP
        UNSPEC_FMULWC
        UNSPEC_FMULCWC
        UNSPEC_FMULWQ
        UNSPEC_FMULWCP
        UNSPEC_FMULCWCP
        UNSPEC_FMULDP
        UNSPEC_FMULDC
        UNSPEC_FMULCDC
        UNSPEC_FMM2WQ
        UNSPEC_FFMAW
        UNSPEC_FFMAD
        UNSPEC_FFMAWD
        UNSPEC_FFMAWP
        UNSPEC_FFMAWQ
        UNSPEC_FFMADP
        UNSPEC_FMM2AWQ
        UNSPEC_FFMSW
        UNSPEC_FFMSD
        UNSPEC_FFMSWD
        UNSPEC_FFMSWP
        UNSPEC_FFMSWQ
        UNSPEC_FFMSDP
        UNSPEC_FMM2SWQ
        UNSPEC_FLOATW
        UNSPEC_FLOATD
        UNSPEC_FLOATWP
        UNSPEC_FLOATWQ
        UNSPEC_FLOATDP
        UNSPEC_FLOATUW
        UNSPEC_FLOATUD
        UNSPEC_FLOATUWP
        UNSPEC_FLOATUWQ
        UNSPEC_FLOATUDP
        UNSPEC_FIXEDW
        UNSPEC_FIXEDD
        UNSPEC_FIXEDWP
        UNSPEC_FIXEDWQ
        UNSPEC_FIXEDDP
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUW
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUD
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUWP
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUWQ
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUDP
        UNSPEC_FCDIVW
        UNSPEC_FSINVW
        UNSPEC_FSINVD
        UNSPEC_FCDIVD
        UNSPEC_FCDIVWP
        UNSPEC_FSINVWP
        UNSPEC_TLBDINVAL
        UNSPEC_TLBIINVAL
        UNSPEC_TLBPROBE
        UNSPEC_TLBREAD
        UNSPEC_TLBWRITE
        UNSPEC_FENCE
        UNSPEC_PIC
        UNSPEC_GOT
        UNSPEC_GOTOFF
        UNSPEC_PCREL
        UNSPEC_GETCARRY
        UNSPEC_ADDCD
        UNSPEC_SATD
        UNSPEC_SATUD
        UNSPEC_ABDHQ
        UNSPEC_FWIDENLHW
        UNSPEC_FWIDENLHWP
        UNSPEC_FWIDENMHW
        UNSPEC_FWIDENMHWP
        UNSPEC_FNARROWWH
        UNSPEC_LHPZ
        UNSPEC_LHPZU
        UNSPEC_LHPZN
        UNSPEC_LHPZUN
   ]
)

Commit message:

Rework TLS
Rework TLS handling to support regular models for GNU/Linux and make
clear what is supported for ClusterOS (Local Exec only).

ref T3927

	gcc/
	* config/k1/k1-protos.h (k1_symbol_type): Add new fields for GD,
	LD, IE and LE.
	* config/k1/k1.c (k1_has_tls_reference): Handle new relocations.
	(k1_has_unspec_reference_1): Likewise.
	(k1_target_print_operand): Likewise.
	(k1_has_tprel): Remove.
	(k1_expand_stack_check_allocate_stack): Disable.
	(k1_analyze_address): Remove incorrect filtering of TLS address.
	(k1_target_secondary_reload): Reindent.
	(tls_symbolic_operand_type): New, return tls kind for addr.
	(k1_tls_symbol_p): Moved, test if symbol is accessed using TLS.
	(gen_set_gotp_insn): New, helper to create GOT pointer.
	(k1_classify_tls_symbol): New, return TLS model to use for
	operand.
	(k1_classify_symbol): Moved, return how to access given rtx.
	(k1_call_tls_get_addr): New, create call to __tls_get_addr.
	(k1_legitimize_tls_reference): Handle new TLS models.
	(symbolic_reference_mentioned_p): Likewise.
	(k1_legitimate_pic_symbolic_ref_p): Likewise.
	(k1_expand_mov_constant): Use gen_set_gotp_insn. Handle TLS
	models.
	(k1_output_addr_const_extra): Handle TLS model.
	* config/k1/predicates.md (k1_symbol_operand): Likewise.
	* config/k1/unspec.md (UNSPEC_TLS): Remove.
	(UNSPEC_TLS_LD_CALL): New.
	(UNSPEC_TLS_GD): New.
	(UNSPEC_TLS_LD): New.
	(UNSPEC_TLS_LE): New.
	(UNSPEC_TLS_DTPOFF): New.
	(UNSPEC_TLS_IE): New.

Differential Revision: D1147

gcc/config/k1/unspec.md, after:


(define_c_enum "unspec"
  [     
        UNSPEC_ATOMIC_OP
        UNSPEC_AWAIT
        UNSPEC_BARRIER
        UNSPEC_DOZE
        UNSPEC_SLEEP
        UNSPEC_STOP
        UNSPEC_SCALL
        UNSPEC_DPURGE
        UNSPEC_DPURGEL
        UNSPEC_DINVALL
        UNSPEC_ALCLR
        UNSPEC_GET
        UNSPEC_SET
        UNSPEC_SET_PS
        UNSPEC_SETCARRY
        UNSPEC_STSUW
        UNSPEC_STSUD
        UNSPEC_IINVALS
        UNSPEC_DFLUSH
        UNSPEC_SBMM8
        UNSPEC_SBMMT8
        UNSPEC_DINVAL
        UNSPEC_IINVAL
        UNSPEC_DFLUSHL
        UNSPEC_DTOUCHL
        UNSPEC_DZEROL
        UNSPEC_LQU
        UNSPEC_LDU
        UNSPEC_FSDIVW
        UNSPEC_FSDIVD
        UNSPEC_FSISRW
        UNSPEC_FSISRD
        UNSPEC_FSDIVWP
        UNSPEC_FSISRWP
        UNSPEC_LBSU
        UNSPEC_LBZU
        UNSPEC_LHSU
        UNSPEC_LHZU
        UNSPEC_ADDHP
        UNSPEC_ABDHP
        UNSPEC_SBFHP
        UNSPEC_SLLHPS
        UNSPEC_SRAHPS
        UNSPEC_LANDHP
        UNSPEC_SYNC
        UNSPEC_WAITIT
        UNSPEC_WFXL
        UNSPEC_WFXL_PS
        UNSPEC_WFXM
        UNSPEC_WFXM_PS
        UNSPEC_LWZU
        UNSPEC_SYNCGROUP
        UNSPEC_LOOPDO
        UNSPEC_LOOPDO_END
        UNSPEC_ACSWAP
        UNSPEC_AFADD
        UNSPEC_ABDW
        UNSPEC_ABDD
        UNSPEC_AVGW
        UNSPEC_AVGRW
        UNSPEC_AVGUW
        UNSPEC_AVGRUW
        UNSPEC_LOAD
        UNSPEC_FPRN
        UNSPEC_FINVW
        UNSPEC_FINVW_
        UNSPEC_FISRW
        UNSPEC_FISRW_
        UNSPEC_FADDW
        UNSPEC_FADDD
        UNSPEC_FADDWP
        UNSPEC_FADDCWC
        UNSPEC_FADDWQ
        UNSPEC_FADDCWCP
        UNSPEC_FADDDP
        UNSPEC_FADDCDC
        UNSPEC_FSBFW
        UNSPEC_FSBFD
        UNSPEC_FSBFWP
        UNSPEC_FSBFCWC
        UNSPEC_FSBFWQ
        UNSPEC_FSBFCWCP
        UNSPEC_FSBFDP
        UNSPEC_FSBFCDC
        UNSPEC_FMULW
        UNSPEC_FMULD
        UNSPEC_FMULWD
        UNSPEC_FMULWP
        UNSPEC_FMULWC
        UNSPEC_FMULCWC
        UNSPEC_FMULWQ
        UNSPEC_FMULWCP
        UNSPEC_FMULCWCP
        UNSPEC_FMULDP
        UNSPEC_FMULDC
        UNSPEC_FMULCDC
        UNSPEC_FMM2WQ
        UNSPEC_FFMAW
        UNSPEC_FFMAD
        UNSPEC_FFMAWD
        UNSPEC_FFMAWP
        UNSPEC_FFMAWQ
        UNSPEC_FFMADP
        UNSPEC_FMM2AWQ
        UNSPEC_FFMSW
        UNSPEC_FFMSD
        UNSPEC_FFMSWD
        UNSPEC_FFMSWP
        UNSPEC_FFMSWQ
        UNSPEC_FFMSDP
        UNSPEC_FMM2SWQ
        UNSPEC_FLOATW
        UNSPEC_FLOATD
        UNSPEC_FLOATWP
        UNSPEC_FLOATWQ
        UNSPEC_FLOATDP
        UNSPEC_FLOATUW
        UNSPEC_FLOATUD
        UNSPEC_FLOATUWP
        UNSPEC_FLOATUWQ
        UNSPEC_FLOATUDP
        UNSPEC_FIXEDW
        UNSPEC_FIXEDD
        UNSPEC_FIXEDWP
        UNSPEC_FIXEDWQ
        UNSPEC_FIXEDDP
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUW
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUD
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUWP
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUWQ
        UNSPEC_FIXEDUDP
        UNSPEC_FCDIVW
        UNSPEC_FSINVW
        UNSPEC_FSINVD
        UNSPEC_FCDIVD
        UNSPEC_FCDIVWP
        UNSPEC_FSINVWP
        UNSPEC_TLBDINVAL
        UNSPEC_TLBIINVAL
        UNSPEC_TLBPROBE
        UNSPEC_TLBREAD
        UNSPEC_TLBWRITE
        UNSPEC_FENCE
        UNSPEC_PIC
        UNSPEC_GOT
        UNSPEC_GOTOFF
        UNSPEC_TLS_LD_CALL

	;; Keep this part in sync with k1_unspec_tls_asm_op in k1.c
	;; The order must match
        UNSPEC_TLS_GD
        UNSPEC_TLS_LD
        UNSPEC_TLS_LE
        UNSPEC_TLS_DTPOFF
        UNSPEC_TLS_IE
	;;

        UNSPEC_PCREL
        UNSPEC_GETCARRY
        UNSPEC_ADDCD
        UNSPEC_SATD
        UNSPEC_SATUD
        UNSPEC_ABDHQ
        UNSPEC_FWIDENLHW
        UNSPEC_FWIDENLHWP
        UNSPEC_FWIDENMHW
        UNSPEC_FWIDENMHWP
        UNSPEC_FNARROWWH
        UNSPEC_LHPZ
        UNSPEC_LHPZU
        UNSPEC_LHPZN
        UNSPEC_LHPZUN
   ]
)
