gcc/config/kvx/iterators.md, before:

;; Iterator for SI, QI and HI modes
(define_mode_iterator SHORT [QI HI SI])

;; Mapping between GCC modes and suffixes used by LSU insns
(define_mode_attr lsusize [
  (QI "b")
  (HI "h")
  (SI "w")
  (SF "w")
  (DI "d")
  (DF "d")
  (V4HI "d")
  (V2SI "d")
  (V2SF "d")
  (TI "q")
  (V8HI "q")
  (V4SI "q")
  (V4SF "q")
  (V2DI "q")
  (V2DF "q")
  (OI "o")
  (V4DI "o")
])

;; Suffix for extension when applicable (for LSU narrower than a
;; register). Leave empty if not applicable
(define_mode_attr lsusext [
  (QI "z")
  (HI "z")
  (SI "z")
  (SF "z")
  (DI "")
  (DF "")
  (V4HI "")
  (V2SI "")
  (V2SF "")
  (TI "")
  (V8HI "")
  (V4SI "")
  (V4SF "")
  (V2DI "")
  (V2DF "")
  (OI "")
  (V4DI "")
])


;; Code iterator for sign/zero extension
(define_code_iterator MAX_UMAX [smax umax])
(define_code_iterator MIN_UMIN [smin umin])

(define_code_attr spfx [(smax "s") (umax "u")
     (smin "s") (umin "u")
])

;; Code iterator for sign/zero extension
(define_code_iterator ANY_EXTEND [sign_extend zero_extend])

;; Sign- or zero-extending data-op
(define_code_attr lsext [(sign_extend "s") (zero_extend "z")])

;; Count lead/trailing zero
(define_code_iterator ANY_ZERO_COUNT [ctz clz])
(define_code_attr c_tl  [(ctz "t") (clz "l")])

;; Sign- or zero-extending mapping to unsigned mnemonics
(define_code_attr ssfx [(sign_extend "") (zero_extend "u")
     (smax "") (smin "")
     (umax "u") (umin "u")
])

;; Iterator for all integer modes (up to 64-bit)
(define_mode_iterator ALLI [QI HI SI DI])

;; Iterator for all integer modes smaller than 64bits
(define_mode_iterator ALL_SMALL_I [QI HI SI])

;; Iterator for all float modes (up to 64-bit)
(define_mode_iterator ALLF [SF DF])

(define_mode_attr sfx [
  (SF "w")
  (DF "d")
  (QI "w")
  (HI "w")
  (SI "w")
  (DI "d")
  (TI "q")
  (OI "o")])

;; All modes used by the mov pattern that fit in a register.
;; TI and OI and to be handled elsewhere.
(define_mode_iterator ALLIF [QI HI SI DI SF DF])

(define_mode_iterator ALLP [SI DI])

(define_mode_iterator P [(SI "Pmode == SImode") (DI "Pmode == DImode")])

(define_code_iterator cb_cond [eq ne gt ge lt le])
(define_mode_iterator SIDI [SI DI])

;; Used for conditional LSU with .odd/.even
(define_code_iterator COND_ODD_EVEN [eq ne])
(define_code_attr lsu_odd_even [(eq "even") (ne "odd")])

;; FIXME AUTO: change name of cbvar, used elsewhere.
(define_mode_attr cbvar [(SI "w") (DI "d") (SF "w") (DF "d")])

(define_mode_attr suffix [(SI "w") (DI "d")])

(define_mode_attr suffix2 [(SI "w") (DI "d")])
(define_mode_attr regclass [(SI "r") (DI "r")])
(define_mode_attr size [(SI "4") (DI "8")])

;; insns length for materializing a symbol depending on pointer size,
;; using make insn. Alternatives using these should only be enabled
;; for valid pointer modes: SI or DI. Anything else is an error.
;; Values 999 are used for modes where the alternative must always be disabled.
(define_mode_attr symlen1 [(SI "_x") (DI "_y") (QI "") (HI "") (SF "") (DF "")])
(define_mode_attr symlen2 [(SI "8") (DI "12") (QI "999") (HI "999") (SF "999") (DF "999")])

(define_attr "disabled" "yes,no" (const_string "no"))

(define_attr "enabled" ""
  (cond [(eq_attr "disabled" "yes") (const_int 0)]
        (const_int 1)))

;; Iterator for Atomic Integer modes
(define_mode_iterator AI [QI HI SI DI TI])

;; Iterator for atomic binary operations
;; (mult op stands for nand)
(define_code_iterator atomic_op [plus ior xor minus and mult])
(define_code_attr atomic_optab [
  (plus "add")
  (ior "or")
  (xor "xor")
  (minus "sub")
  (and "and")
  (mult "nand")])

;; Iterator for the 64-bit vector modes.
(define_mode_iterator SIMD64 [
  V4HI V2SI V2SF
])

;; Iterator for the 128-bit vector modes.
(define_mode_iterator SIMD128 [
  V8HI V4SI V2DI V4SF V2DF
])

;; Iterator for the 256-bit vector modes.
(define_mode_iterator SIMD256 [
  V4DI
])

;; Iterator for the modes that fit in a GPR.
(define_mode_iterator FITGPR [
  QI HI SI SF
  DI DF V4HI V2SI V2SF
])

;; Iterator for all 64-bit modes.
(define_mode_iterator ALL64 [
  DI DF V4HI V2SI V2SF
])

;; Iterator for all 128-bit modes.
(define_mode_iterator ALL128 [
  TI V8HI V4SI V2DI V4SF V2DF
])

;; Iterator for all 256-bit modes.
(define_mode_iterator ALL256 [
  OI V4DI
])

;; Iterator for all modes with zero/sign extension.
(define_mode_iterator ALLZSX [
  QI HI SI 
])

;; Iterator for all modes without extension.
(define_mode_iterator ALLNOX [
  SF
  DI DF V4HI V2SI V2SF
  TI V8HI V4SI V2DI V4SF V2DF
  OI V4DI
])

;; Iterator for all the modes (integer, float, vector).
(define_mode_iterator ALLIFV [
  QI HI SI SF
  DI DF V4HI V2SI V2SF
  TI V8HI V4SI V2DI V4SF V2DF
  OI V4DI
])

Commit message:

Unify comparison lowering code in GCC and related cleanups.
Summary:
ref T12744

  gcc/config/kvx/
  * control.md: add the refactored cstore<m>4 and cbranch<m>4 patterns;
  in mov<mode>cc, remove the FAIL as (kvx_expand_conditional_move) now
  always succeeds, thanks to the handling of ORDERED/UNORDERED cases.
  * iterators.md: remove useless iterators regclass and size; use suffix
  instead of cbvar and suffix2, which were redundant with suffix;
  add iterator CBRANCH for the modes tested by cbranch<m>4.
  * kvx-protos.h: prototype for new function (kvx_lower_comparison).
  * kvx.c: add function (kvx_get_predicate_mode); implement function
  (kvx_lower_comparison); refactor (kvx_expand_conditional_move);
  remove EXTFZ builtin support, as new insv/extv makes it useless.
  * kvx.md: use suffix instead of cbvar and suffix2 iterators;
  remove deprecated SPNs insv, extv, extzv; add the replacement
  SPNs insvsi, extvsi, extzvsi, insvdi, extvdi, extzvdi; remove
  the old implementations of cstore<m>4 and cbranch<m>4 patterns,
  whose new implementations are now in control.md; replace obsolete
  (shiftd_operand) predicate by (sat_shift_operand) predicate.
  * predicates.md: remove useless (s32_operand), (s37_operand),
  (register_s37_operand), (nonmemory64_register32_w_operand),
  (register_or_u32immediate), (shiftd_operand) predicates; add
  predicate (register_f32_operand) for use by fcomp insns;
  simplify (register_s32_operand) and (register_s64_operand).
  * constraints.md: remove useless constrains (U02), (U10), (U37),
  (J10); add constraint (H32) for 32-bit floating-point immediates;
  * atomics.md: change AFADD[WD] to ALADD[WD] to match current ISA.
  * simd.md: delete useless file.

Test Plan: long_valid

Reviewers: mpoulhies, O11 gcc!

Maniphest Tasks: T12744

Differential Revision: https://phab.kalray.eu/D5386

gcc/config/kvx/iterators.md, after:

;; Iterator for SI, QI and HI modes
(define_mode_iterator SHORT [QI HI SI])

;; Mapping between GCC modes and suffixes used by LSU insns
(define_mode_attr lsusize [
  (QI "b")
  (HI "h")
  (SI "w")
  (SF "w")
  (DI "d")
  (DF "d")
  (V4HI "d")
  (V2SI "d")
  (V2SF "d")
  (TI "q")
  (V8HI "q")
  (V4SI "q")
  (V4SF "q")
  (V2DI "q")
  (V2DF "q")
  (OI "o")
  (V4DI "o")
])

;; Suffix for extension when applicable (for LSU narrower than a
;; register). Leave empty if not applicable
(define_mode_attr lsusext [
  (QI "z")
  (HI "z")
  (SI "z")
  (SF "z")
  (DI "")
  (DF "")
  (V4HI "")
  (V2SI "")
  (V2SF "")
  (TI "")
  (V8HI "")
  (V4SI "")
  (V4SF "")
  (V2DI "")
  (V2DF "")
  (OI "")
  (V4DI "")
])


;; Code iterator for sign/zero extension
(define_code_iterator MAX_UMAX [smax umax])
(define_code_iterator MIN_UMIN [smin umin])

(define_code_attr spfx [(smax "s") (umax "u")
     (smin "s") (umin "u")
])

;; Code iterator for sign/zero extension
(define_code_iterator ANY_EXTEND [sign_extend zero_extend])

;; Sign- or zero-extending data-op
(define_code_attr lsext [(sign_extend "s") (zero_extend "z")])

;; Count lead/trailing zero
(define_code_iterator ANY_ZERO_COUNT [ctz clz])
(define_code_attr c_tl  [(ctz "t") (clz "l")])

;; Sign- or zero-extending mapping to unsigned mnemonics
(define_code_attr ssfx [(sign_extend "") (zero_extend "u")
     (smax "") (smin "")
     (umax "u") (umin "u")
])

;; Iterator for all integer modes (up to 64-bit)
(define_mode_iterator ALLI [QI HI SI DI])

;; Iterator for all integer modes smaller than 64bits
(define_mode_iterator ALL_SMALL_I [QI HI SI])

;; Iterator for all float modes (up to 64-bit)
(define_mode_iterator ALLF [SF DF])

(define_mode_attr sfx [
  (SF "w")
  (DF "d")
  (QI "w")
  (HI "w")
  (SI "w")
  (DI "d")
  (TI "q")
  (OI "o")])

;; All modes used by the mov pattern that fit in a register.
;; TI and OI and to be handled elsewhere.
(define_mode_iterator ALLIF [QI HI SI DI SF DF])

(define_mode_iterator ALLP [SI DI])

(define_mode_iterator P [(SI "Pmode == SImode") (DI "Pmode == DImode")])

(define_code_iterator cb_cond [eq ne gt ge lt le])

(define_mode_iterator SIDI [SI DI])

;; Used for conditional LSU with .odd/.even
(define_code_iterator COND_ODD_EVEN [eq ne])
(define_code_attr lsu_odd_even [(eq "even") (ne "odd")])

(define_mode_attr suffix [(SI "w") (DI "d") (SF "w") (DF "d")])

(define_mode_attr suffix2 [(SI "w") (DI "d")])

;; insns length for materializing a symbol depending on pointer size,
;; using make insn. Alternatives using these should only be enabled
;; for valid pointer modes: SI or DI. Anything else is an error.
;; Values 999 are used for modes where the alternative must always be disabled.
(define_mode_attr symlen1 [(SI "_x") (DI "_y") (QI "") (HI "") (SF "") (DF "")])
(define_mode_attr symlen2 [(SI "8") (DI "12") (QI "999") (HI "999") (SF "999") (DF "999")])

(define_attr "disabled" "yes,no" (const_string "no"))

(define_attr "enabled" ""
  (cond [(eq_attr "disabled" "yes") (const_int 0)]
        (const_int 1)))

;; Iterator for Atomic Integer modes
(define_mode_iterator AI [QI HI SI DI TI])

;; Iterator for atomic binary operations
;; (mult op stands for nand)
(define_code_iterator atomic_op [plus ior xor minus and mult])
(define_code_attr atomic_optab [
  (plus "add")
  (ior "or")
  (xor "xor")
  (minus "sub")
  (and "and")
  (mult "nand")])

;; Iterator for the modes tested by cbranch<m>4
(define_mode_iterator CBRANCH [
  SI SF DI DF
])

;; Iterator for the 64-bit vector modes.
(define_mode_iterator SIMD64 [
  V4HI V2SI V2SF
])

;; Iterator for the 128-bit vector modes.
(define_mode_iterator SIMD128 [
  V8HI V4SI V2DI V4SF V2DF
])

;; Iterator for the 256-bit vector modes.
(define_mode_iterator SIMD256 [
  V4DI
])

;; Iterator for the modes that fit in a GPR.
(define_mode_iterator FITGPR [
  QI HI SI SF
  DI DF V4HI V2SI V2SF
])

;; Iterator for all 64-bit modes.
(define_mode_iterator ALL64 [
  DI DF V4HI V2SI V2SF
])

;; Iterator for all 128-bit modes.
(define_mode_iterator ALL128 [
  TI V8HI V4SI V2DI V4SF V2DF
])

;; Iterator for all 256-bit modes.
(define_mode_iterator ALL256 [
  OI V4DI
])

;; Iterator for all modes with zero/sign extension.
(define_mode_iterator ALLZSX [
  QI HI SI 
])

;; Iterator for all modes without extension.
(define_mode_iterator ALLNOX [
  SF
  DI DF V4HI V2SI V2SF
  TI V8HI V4SI V2DI V4SF V2DF
  OI V4DI
])

;; Iterator for all the modes (integer, float, vector).
(define_mode_iterator ALLIFV [
  QI HI SI SF
  DI DF V4HI V2SI V2SF
  TI V8HI V4SI V2DI V4SF V2DF
  OI V4DI
])
